ha
welcome to the orange and summer preview
with the dice tower in this series we
look at recently released an upcoming
games for summer 2014 and now recorded
live at origins 2014 here's your host
Ryan Metzler hi I'm Ryan much learn
today I am here with Frank dilorenzo
from our in our games how are you doing
today Frank doing great how you doing
pretty good I guess that's still fresh
from the console once we get a couple
days in things are going to be a little
bit more a slow-paced but today we're
gonna be talking about get a life with
just a game in your lion ooh this is
just literally debuting right here right
here right now dice tower exclusive see
it here first yeah but can you tell us a
little bit about the game please yeah
this is a game where you're going to
develop a little lifestyle for your
friends so it's either going to be the
absolute best lifestyle they can imagine
or it might be the absolute worst thing
that they can I want the best nation
anyway but in this example of that will
run for you here we're gonna say that
tom is the target right now he's the
he's the contestant tambo is the target
oh yeah so we're going to we're going to
make a set of cards that show his
lifestyle ok and it's going to include
things like his accommodation his
occupation the transportation he uses
where he lives in the world and his
companion ok so what we have our five
cards one of each of those and we have
to reveal Hughton asked us to reveal to
in this case he asked us to reveal the
accommodation and his occupation so I
said that right now I have for him that
he's a chef who lives in an igloo ok
very exotic get interesting occupational
choice for the location but absolutely
and you've shown obviously that he lives
in a five-star hotel and he's a teacher
he's obviously a famous teacher well
yeah are so very rich
so we also have three get a life cards
now the game is played at around where
all the people are playing have to come
up with something for Tom here and we
are going to have three chances to
change what we have in our hands before
we reveal it check that so on my turn
for example I might say that I'm going
to actually trade my I want to trade my
occupations with you ok so I'm gonna
give you the chef and I'm going to take
this ok ok so now you have to play one
of you guys say you can always discard a
card if you don't like it you can just
pass return guarda card so only get
these three chances so I would say maybe
that we want to pass our accommodation
cards right alright so we were all pass
the cards to the right so you pass it
that way Tomica dined and you here we
get one from this guy over here sure so
I would never happen because it was face
up I have to leave it face up ok ok the
other ones remain secret ok so then i
would say oh you know my turn I'm gonna
trade my companion card with you so no
one sees that beer ice face down but you
and I know what it is that's great ok
and then I could say that uh I can trade
any card i would like with the player to
my left so maybe I decide that I want to
trade you my transportation ok I will go
with that but i think i made the better
deal there so I'm gonna actually discard
this car i'm not going to use it and i
have one left as well and i can say
let's take a look at my location i
actually like my location so i'm going
to keep you card my absolute so we're
having so at this point we each have a
card like this in our hand this is best
or worst now when you play with only
three or four players you can't choose
ok so he would have told us oh I want
the best lifestyle and nothing else or
the worst lifetime but let's say we play
with a lot of people I mean we're all
buying against you know what we'll each
other to get the best or worst sure at
this point we're going to reveal which
one we think we have ok so i might have
said that i have where I have the worst
and you have I'll go with best okay so
then we have to kind of like show what
we have so i might say okay well for new
job I don't think is the best life for
you okay because you live in a barn
let's see how you couldn't even afford
the house you can oh we can afford the
barn it's kind of sad you do drive a big
rig is kind of broken down down the best
condition so that it's not really liking
that too much your companion of the
chickens on the farm that's it no one
else your occupation is a teacher but
you live in dublin which is pretty much
the highlight of your old just as if
Sara there's a lot of turmoil over there
right now so yeah that's what I halfway
economy i hope you like it and then i
would go through the same things
obviously so I mean being a chef is
great I've heard you're an excellent
cook Tom so so it's a great occupation
for you I'm living in an igloo is pretty
cool exotic both both literally and
figuratively speaking on top of that you
have a companion that's a texting kitten
so I mean you've got this novelty that
you can put up on your YouTube channel
and it's going to be a great thing you
drive a Segway how hip are you and then
on top of that you have an igloo in San
Juan I don't even know how you maintain
it but you do so I think it's a pretty
great lifestyle right so now he would
basically pick from all the ones that
we've shown him and he would say what's
the best and what's the worst and those
people would basically get a check okay
first person the three chips when's the
game all right basically you play all
the way around till everyone's been the
target twice okay you're done cool
sounds very cool well thank you for
taking the time to show it to us this is
just fresh out on the market table so
lightly take another kind of fresh easy
little kind of like party game excellent
well thank you for your time Frank no
problem have a great time
thank you for joining us today we hope
you join us for the rest of our summer
preview videos we'd like to thank gamma
and origins for making these videos
possible and we hope that all of you
have fun gaming see you next time
I